{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 MS Shell Dlg 2;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierPrime;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 ACT 2}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb480\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 INT. SMALL HOSPITAL TYPE ROOM}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Aaron is strapped to a wheelchair. He's dressed in a day-glow orange shirt with matching pants. His head is shaved. A stern looking woman in uniform is standing to one side with a clipboard. A man in a brown jump suit stands behind the chair, one hand on Aaron's shoulder. }
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 LAWYER}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Can't we give him a moment? The download just finished decompressing, he won't even know where he is!}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 OFFICER}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The subject is allowed 5 minutes to prepare for their hearing.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Aaron seems to be waking from a head injury. His eyes open slowly he draws a deep breath. His lawyer slaps him on the shoulders from behind the chair and leans in.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 LAWYER}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Aaron? I need you awake, are you awake Aaron?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Um, yeah. Wait, where am I? What's going on? Where's Ivy?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 LAWYER}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 You're about to be put on trial for a very serious crime. I need you to understand what's going on so you can handle the questioning.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What trial? What happened?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 LAWYER}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Your actions have lead to a fractal disruption in our time-line. This is a very serious crime. Do you understand me?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 No. I have no idea what you're talking about. All I need to know right now, is what happened to us?}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The lawyer shrugs and looks up to the officer for assistance. The officer flips over a few pages on their clipboard.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 OFFICER}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The subject arrived with a woman. Her current whereabouts are not listed here.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 LAWYER}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She's not been implicated in the crime, I'm sure she's fine. You, on the other hand, are in a great deal of trouble.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 For what? I just got here, you've got me confused with somebody else!}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 LAWYER}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I'm sure from your perspective it seems like you just got here, but you were activated days ago. Since then you managed to avoid setting a restore point before you ultimately escaped through the World Gate. From there you allegedly broke many of our laws governing technology and time travel.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Time travel? Are you kidding me?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 LAWYER}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Yes, I know it can be a lot to accept right now but I only have a few minutes to catch you up to speed. }
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Why don't I remember any of this? Where am I? How could I possibly have broken any laws?}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24 The Lawyer draws back the curtain at the end of the room revealing a view of the upper floors if a few of large buildings across the street. Between them a sparkling body of water stretches to a distant shore, covered in familiar featureless gray buildings.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24 Is that Chicago? Am I inside the dome?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24 LAWYER}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24 Yes, you arrived a few days ago with a woman.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24 YES! Ivy! Why is she not here?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24 LAWYER}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24 She's not the one in trouble, Aaron. She'll be notified once you're sentenced. }
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24 Sentenced! I didn't even do anything!}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24 LAWYER}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24 I'm sure you don't remember, but we have indisputable evidence of your crimes.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24 That's impossible! You're accusing me of doing things I have no memory of!}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 LAWYER}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The crime you're accused of is extremely serious. And your memory is the best we could do given the circumstances.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What do you mean?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 LAWYER}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The body we've activated for you is a copy of the body you arrived in. The original organic material doesn't survive the transfer. We construct an identical copy, matched at the atomic level, out of programmable particles. Your mind shouldn't be able to tell the difference. }
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Aaron is silent for a moment while he tries to get a read from the faces of his captors. They seem deadly serious.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This is insane! Let me out of this chair!}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Aaron struggles against the straps to no avail.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 LAWYER}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Under normal circumstances, people save restore points we call "images" on the city mainframe in case of catastrophic damage. If the body is somehow destroyed we can construct a new copy from the last image. Since you never made another restore point - the only one on file was from your original transfer to the city. So we built you from that image. }
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 So you're saying this isn't even the first body you've copied for me?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 LAWYER}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Since the actions you're accused of have caused a fractal disruption in the time-line, it's impossible to say how many copies there are.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What are you saying? What happened to me?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24 LAWYER}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24 This city, in this moment is special. It was anchored here and now at the great expense and sacrifice of people who won't be born for generations.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24 I'm in the future?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24 LAWYER}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24 No, you're in the past. At least, from the perspective of everyone who lives here.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24 So you're time travelers?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24 LAWYER}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24 We have a connection from this anchor to another. A two way bridge through which we can trade resources and personnel.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24 What does that have to do with me?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24 LAWYER}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24 Your misuse of the gateway between worlds has broken the stability we count on to maintain that connection.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24 But I've never even seen this gateway!}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24 LAWYER}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24 You have, and you will.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A massive blast rocks the building. The explosion shakes the room and the lights flicker. A loud fire alarm rings out and yellow flashing lights illuminate the room through the windows facing the hallway. Two robotic humanoid guards enter the room with what appear to be large automatic weapons in their black metallic hands. Despite their obvious mechanical construction, they move and sound remarkably like humans.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 GUARD 1}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This building is being evacuated. We will escort you to safety.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 OFFICER}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This subject is awaiting immediate trial and cannot be moved off-site.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 LAWYER}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I'll take responsibility for him, he doesn't even know where he is.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 OFFICER}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That is unacceptable. (to one of the guards) Terminate the subject, we'll rebuild him for when the trial is rescheduled.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 LAWYER}
\par\pard\plain \li2880\ri2160\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 (to Aaron)}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ugh, sorry buddy. I tried.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Guard 1 leads the Officer and the Lawyer out of the room. Guard 2 arms his rifle and watches them leave.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2880\ri2160\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 (yelling after them)}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 You can't do this! I didn't do anything!}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 GUARD 2}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ah, but you did.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Guard 2 checks for others in either direction of the hallway and then walks over to Aaron's chair.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Please no, this is a terrible mistake!}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 GUARD 2}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 You may not know it, but you are uniquely qualified to save millions of people. }
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Guard 2 holsters his rifle and bends over to release Aaron's legs at the base of the chair.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What are you talking about? You're not going to kill me?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 GUARD 2}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Nothing can kill you Aaron, your body is already dead. Will you trust me while I attempt to aid your escape?}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Guard 2 pauses at Aaron's wrist restraints and waits for an answer. Aaron anxiously watches for his hands to be freed.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Yes, absolutely!}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The moment Guard 2 removes the wrist restraints Aaron snaps to his feet. He pushes past Guard 2 and runs to the door. Without hesitation he chooses to run left out of the doorway and down the hall. }
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb480\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 INT. STERILE WHITE HALLWAY}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Aaron slows down to turn a corner when the wheel chair catches up to him from behind and he slams back into the seat. The chair continues forward, much faster than he was running. Guard 2 is pushing it while running at an astonishing pace.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 GUARD 2}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Please remain seated, Aaron. I'll do what I can to ensure your safety.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Aaron mutters a few curse words while the chair rockets down the hall. They pass a few people in uniform who are unable to do more than yell at them as they pass. The Guard continues to push Aaron to an intersection, rounds the corner and continues down the next hall to an elevator. The robot grabs the wheels suddenly and locks them up, screeching to a halt precisely at the elevator doors.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 GUARD 2}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Would you mind pushing the call button, Aaron?}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Aaron only turns to look at the Guard in shock. Guard 2 reaches over Aaron with the end of his rifle and calmly pushes the down arrow. There is only a brief moment of silence before the doors open. The Guard pushes Aaron inside, next to a man and woman both wearing similar brown jump-suits as Aaron's Lawyer. Aaron tries not to look at either one of them. The doors close, the car begins to descend.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb480\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 INT.INSIDE THE ELEVATOR}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MAN IN ELEVATOR}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Where are you taking this one?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 GUARD 2}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Judgment.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 WOMAN IN ELEVATOR}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Shouldn't he be strapped in?}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Instantly the Guard grabs his rifle and fires a short blue pulse at both of the other occupants in the elevator. They drop to the floor without a sound. Aaron jumps to his feet.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Holy shit! What the hell?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 GUARD 2}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They are not permanently injured.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Guard opens his palm on the elevator control panel. The floor indicator switches over to an override interface. The new floor choice is labeled "Authorized Personnel Only".}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Wow, what the hell? What did you shoot them with?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 GUARD 2}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A particle accelerator.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What? What year is this?}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The elevator stops and the doors begin to open. The Guard pushes the wheelchair into the back of Aaron's legs, once again forcing him to sit.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 GUARD 2}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This will go better if you remain seated.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb480\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 INT. AN UNDERGROUND PARKING STRUCTURE}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The walls, ceiling and floor are all made of reinforced concrete. At the far side of the structure there is a wide ramp where daylight pours in. There are traditional looking pipes and fire sprinkler systems attached to the ceiling above them, over rows of electric law enforcement vehicles. There are bikes, cars and SUV's parked wall to wall. A Guard similar to Guard 2 is walking towards them as they roll out into the garage. Guard 2 wheels Aaron to the passenger door of a sporty looking black and white sedan. }
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 GUARD 2}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Get in.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Should I get in back?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 GUARD 2}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I need you in front.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The guard walks around to the driver's side door and opens it. Aaron gets up out of the chair and grabs the door handle.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Won't it look more authentic if I get in back?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 GUARD 2}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The doors in back don't open from the inside. If I am destroyed, I need you to be capable of continuing on foot.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb480\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 INT. INSIDE THE VEHICLE}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Guard sits down in the car and shuts the door. Aaron moves aside a small pile of clothes takes his seat next to him in the front.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Why would you be destroyed?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 GUARD 2}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I may be unable to escort you all the way to our destination. The clothes that were on your seat, put them on.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Guard starts the car apparently with some internal mechanism. There is no steering wheel or any visible means of physically driving this car. There is a large touch screen device attached to the dashboard between them. A map with a red dot suddenly appears on the screen.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 GUARD 2}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This is where you need to be in 11 minutes and 6 seconds. You will be noticed in that prisoner outfit, please put on the clothes.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Aaron unfolds a white jumpsuit and begins to pull it up over his bright orange shorts.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb480\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 INT.UNDERGROUND PARKING STRUCTURE}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Guard 2 pulls forward out of the parking spot and rolls to the exit ramp. The Guard they passed while walking to the elevator watches them for a moment, then returns to it's car.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb480\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 INT. INSIDE THE VEHICLE - DAY}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I still don't understand. Are we in danger?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 GUARD 2}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 We're being followed. There is a high probability of a car chase in the next few moments. This may be the only chance I have to explain so please pay attention.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Please do, I'm so confused.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Aaron tries to get a better look behind them at the car following them.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 GUARD 2}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This city is a portal to another world, many light years away from this place. The residents of the other world are born of machines.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24 Born of machines?}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\cf1 Their bodies are }{\f2\fs24\b0\cf1 constructed, }{\f2\fs24\b0\cf1 like yours, but their minds are limited to existing knowledge. They are not, and can never be creative. They use this city to }{\f2\fs24\b0\cf1 collect}{\f2\fs24\b0\cf1  creative minds from the living population of earth. }{\f2\fs24\b0\cf1 N}{\f2\fs24\b0\cf1 ew residents are transferred }{\f2\fs24\b0\cf1 after they become sufficiently acclimated.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24 Transferred where? And why?}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\cf1 Population control is a critical element of their succes}{\f2\fs24\b0\cf1 s. Once a new arrival is prepared, they're moved off world.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Off world? Where is this other planet?}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb480\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 EXT. THE STREETS OF THE CITY - DAY}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This city looks much like most American cities at the street level. There are storefronts and pedestrians. A moderate amount of vehicle traffic. All vehicles are electric and computer controlled, eliminating the need for traffic signals. They pass through several intersections without slowing down; so does the cross traffic. Almost magically everyone misses each other.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb480\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 INT. INSIDE THE VEHICLE - DAY}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 GUARD 2}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The planet is not a rocky body like this one. It has a massive surface area, many times larger than anything your scientists have discovered.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Why haven't we seen this massive world? We're discovering Earth sized planets all the time now?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 GUARD 2}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It hasn't been constructed yet.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The car begins to accelerate. Several cars are passed.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Wait, how are people being sent to a planet that doesn't exist yet?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 GUARD 2}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The World Gate permits the travel between great distances in both space and time.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb480\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 EXT. THE STREETS OF THE CITY - DAY}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The car narrowly misses a truck as it races through the next intersection. They rocket past another row of cars and squeal around the corner. The police car following them has no trouble keeping up, and seems to be gaining on them.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb480\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 INT. INSIDE THE VEHICLE - DAY}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 GUARD 2}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I won't be able to maintain control of this vehicle for much longer.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 You seem to be doing pretty good to me!}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 GUARD 2}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They're attempting to override, we need to get out range of their signal.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Is there anything I can do?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 GUARD 2}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 If you remain conscious after the crash look for me. If I'm not there, follow signs to get to the Gate.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Wait, what crash?}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb480\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 EXT. THE STREETS OF THE CITY - DAY}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The car suddenly swerves off the main road and onto the sidewalk. Several pedestrians dive out of the way as they zip past. In the center of a plaza with a large fountain, a wide stairwell goes down into a mass transit hub. The car smashes through a concrete planter and dives down the stairwell. It crash lands onto the first of 2 large landings and stops suddenly against the handrail. }
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb480\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 INT. STAIRWELL LEADING INTO THE METRO STATION}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Broken glass and smoke fill the landing, people are running and screaming. The passenger side door opens. Then the driver's side. The guard steps out and watches Aaron stumble to his feet.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 GUARD 2}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That went better than I expected.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seriously? }
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Sirens can be heard outside.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 GUARD 2}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Time to go.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Aaron follows Guard 2 as they run down the remaining stairs into the station. At the base of the stairs there are no turnstiles or guard stations. Just a platform where people would wait for the train. There is an unmarked door right before where the hallway opens out to the platform. Guard 2 places his palm on the screen next to the door and it opens.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 GUARD 2}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This way!}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb480\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 INT. DARK HALLWAY}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The hallway is completely black, no light at all. Guard 2 suddenly snaps on a head mounted light source that shows an empty tile floor leading into the darkness.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Where are we?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 GUARD 2}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This is a maintenance tunnel for machines. We can see in the dark, but I'll leave this light on for your convenience.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 How thoughtful of you. How much time do we have?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 GUARD 2}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There is an entrance to the train tunnel around the next corner. From there it's a 4 minute run to the next stop. That stop is at the base of the World Gate.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb480\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 INT. TRAIN TUNNEL}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The train tunnel is empty except for a 2 metal rails running down the center. The ledge on the side is barely wide enough for Aaron and the Guard to run. They are moving incredibly fast.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 How can I run this fast? I'm not even tired!}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 GUARD 2}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 You will eventually overcome your energy stores at this pace, but not before we reach our destination.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 How much farther?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 GUARD 2}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That light up ahead is it.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb480\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 INT. TRAIN PLATFORM}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Aaron and the Guard run onto the platform from the dark tunnel. There are no trains, no people, only an empty tile floor and a few concrete columns. Laser blasts and small explosions can be heard from the top of the stairs. A battle rages just beyond their view.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What the hell is going on up there?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 GUARD 2}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This will be the hard part.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This? Like getting to this point was a cake walk?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 GUARD 2}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 At the top of the stairs, are people who are willing to give their lives to protect you. Some of them no doubt already have.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That's not possible, I don't even know anyone here.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 GUARD 2}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Please pay attention, we have less than 3 minutes.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I'm listening.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 GUARD 2}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Just beyond where the sentries are shooting, there will be a series of automated carts moving cargo to the bay for transfer. Those cargo containers are heavy and impenetrable. They'll make good cover for you to make your way to safety. I will provide cover fire while you make your way past.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 You're not coming with me?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 GUARD 2}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Your chances of boarding the ship are greatly increased if I can draw fire away from you. Ideally, you won't even be noticed. Are you ready?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Board the ship? This is crazy! All I want to do is get away from this madness. I need to find Ivy and leave!}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 GUARD 2}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The time line where you board that ship is the only one where you see Ivy again. You must do this.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A random grenade starts bouncing down the stairs toward them. Guard 2 races over to it, picks it up and attempts to throw it down the tunnel. The grenade barely leaves his hand before it explodes. Aaron is thrown back against the wall. Smoke and shrapnel fill the air. Pieces of Guard 2's arm land on the stairs. His arm, part of his head, and a chunk of his upper torso are missing. He leans against the wall looking at Aaron. Somehow he is still able to talk.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 GUARD 2}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 You must go. (broken digitized audio sounds) I'll be right behind you.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This is so fucked up.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Aaron starts up the stairs looking for the source of the grenade.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb480\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 INT. WORLD GATE CARGO DOCKS}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The docks are at the base of a massive cylindrical structure, built inside an impossibly huge hangar. Catwalks reach out from the walls of the silo in every direction. A moat-like ring of water surrounds the foot of it. And just past that, are armed men and women engaged in a frenzied fire-fight. Sentry turrets seem to have them pinned down for a moment, until a well tossed grenade destroys it in a brilliant ball of lightning. One of the machines Guard 2 described rounds the corner and rolls through the fray. Some of the laser fire bounces harmlessly off the large dark blue cases on the trailer behind it. He watches it's path and sees it pass unimpeded through a steel doorway past the fighting. Aaron makes his way along the edge of some large barrels, boxes and pipes trying to stay hidden. He watches for his opportunity to sneak past with one of the machines. Suddenly he's noticed by a woman in blue body armor.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 WOMAN IN ARMOR}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Aaron?!? What the hell are you doing here?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I thought this was the way out?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 WOMAN IN ARMOR}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 You got turned around, its the other way.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She points down the hallway where Aaron came from. Suddenly a tank-like machine rolls around the corner just past where she's pointing. It fires a short burst of gunfire at her armor. She gets knocked back a step and then lurches forward tackling Aaron. }
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 WOMAN IN ARMOR}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Shit! Hide in here!}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She gives Aaron a small shove through a doorway marked "Quarantine Cargo Hold - WARNING: Ship to shore transfer room". She attempts to return fire on the machine but it launches a rocket at her. She dives into the room with Aaron as the rocket explodes farther down the docks.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb480\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 INT. QUARANTINE CARGO HOLD}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The small white room is mostly empty, except for 2 of the dark blue crates they saw on the cargo mover outside.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What is that thing?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 WOMAN IN ARMOR}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 B-48: X class. I don't have what I need to take it down. }
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What can I do?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 WOMAN IN ARMOR}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Lets see if there's anything useful in those crates.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Aaron watches the woman slide open a control panel on the nearest crate revealing a grid of glowing buttons. She presses one of them and begins opening her crate.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The crate near Aaron has a similar panel. Aaron kneels down and examines the buttons. He presses one marked "unseal". His crate slowly opens.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Inside the case he finds a series of gas canisters with bio-hazard symbols on them. }
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Damn, that's not good. What'd you get?}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Aaron shuts the case and presses the seal button.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 WOMAN IN ARMOR}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Atomic printer. If we had more time and a power source, we could build whatever we wanted. How about yours?}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Just then, a grenade rolls up to the room, inches outside the open door.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2880\ri2160\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 (pointing)}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Grenade!}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The woman jumps to the door controller and smashes the button with her fist. Steel double doors with windows slam shut, less than a second before the grenade explodes.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 WOMAN IN ARMOR}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Fuck, that was close!}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Through the windows, the tank like machine can be seen rolling up to the door.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It's still coming!}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The machine slams into the door and makes a significant dent. The woman readies her weapon to fire at it as soon as it enters. It crashes into the door again, making the dent much worse. Sparks shower from the edges of the door controller. Before the machine can make another blow, a ball of lightning flashes in it's center for a moment - then it explodes. As the smoke clears, Guard 2 steps into view. He's a complete wreck, but still able to walk and use his remaining arm. }
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Hey, you made it!}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 WOMAN IN ARMOR}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 No! Oh my god, no!}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 GUARD 2}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 (slightly garbled) Time to go.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Guard 2 puts his palm on the panel outside the door. A yellow light begins spinning in the center of the ceiling. A buzzing alarm starts ringing intermittently. }
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 WOMAN IN ARMOR}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 No, no! You son of a bitch, you can't do this to me!}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Woman begins hopelessly hitting the button for the door, but it's too badly damaged to open. The buzzing alarm stops. }
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What's going on?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 WOMAN IN ARMOR}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 We're being transferred to the ship's hold!}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Great! Isn't that good?}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The room begins to fill with a powerful white light.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 WOMAN IN ARMOR}
\par\pard\plain \li2880\ri2160\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 (surprised)}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Who are you?}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The light reaches a blinding level, followed by the crackling water sounds Aaron heard only recently when he arrived.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When the light passes, Aaron and the Woman are standing near the same crates as a moment before, but now the walls and lights are different.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb480\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 INT.SHIPS QUARANTINE CARGO HOLD}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This room is the same size, but the walls and floor are tan. A persistent red flashing light is mounted on the wall. The wall where the door was now has a working closed door and 2 large windows. A gray metal hallway lit with the same flashing red light can be seen through the inches thick glass. Aaron seems only mildly disoriented, but the woman collapses to the floor. Aaron rushes over to her and attempts to wake her.}
\par\pard\plain \li5040\fi-1440\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Hey, stay with me! I think we're going to be OK!}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Woman suddenly draws a deep breath and opens her eyes. She looks at Aaron confused and then around the room, before attempting to sit up.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Suddenly the entire room seems to tilt and everything is thrown to the far wall. The crates smash against each other with incredible force. The tan metal walls are dented from the impact. Aaron and the Woman are sent through the air like rag dolls, landing on top of the crates. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They are unable to move before the room tilts again and everything is sent to the adjacent wall. Aaron and the Woman are thrown against the crates and the walls repeatedly as the room continues to make sudden wild shifts in momentum. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Through the thick glass windows the metal hallway suddenly explodes, sending chunks of metal out into a snowy landscape now visible through the resulting hole in the wall. Random small items are sucked out the gaping breach and fire roars at the edge of the window outside. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 An incredibly loud explosion shakes the room and for a moment Aaron, the Woman, and both heavy blue crates are seen floating weightless. The scene out the window shows mountains, then sky, then snow, then mountains, then a huge airship being destroyed in the air above them. The impact with the ground knocks Aaron out.}
\par\pard\plain \li6480\ri-173\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\qr\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CUT TO BLACK }
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\qc\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 End Act 2}}