{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 MS Shell Dlg 2;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierPrime;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 ACT 3}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb480\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 INT. DESTROYED REMAINS OF THE CARGO HOLD}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The room is a burning pile of twisted metal and plastic. The roof has been mostly torn off and the far wall is vertically split in the center all the way down to the floor. Water is trickling in and starting to pool near Aaron's head. Aaron suddenly jolts awake. His head is bleeding and there are scorch marks on his clothes, but he seems otherwise in-tact.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He quickly checks himself out and then begins to search for the Woman. She is laying crushed under one of the crates. Aaron can see her arm and shoulder just above the rising water line. He rushes over to her to see if she's still alive. He lifts her head and can see her eyes are fixed, unblinking. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Aaron desperately pushes his shoulder into the crate to see if he can free her, but it doesn't move. He holds her head in his hands for a moment and notices a pendant on a chain around her neck. He lifts it out of the water and sees that it has an inscription, "For Callie." He gently pulls off the necklace and lets her sink back into the rising water.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I'm so sorry Callie.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb480\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 EXT. THE ICE FIELDS - DUSK}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Aaron climbs out of the wreckage and into the snowy hillside. Once over the ridge he can see it's not a hillside at all, but an impact crater. Whatever crashed here has made bowl in the ice nearly 100 yards across in an otherwise flat plane of ice and snow. The surrounding burning debris is melting the snow causing the center to fill with water. Soon the remains of the cargo hold that brought him here will be completely submerged. The surrounding landscape is a bleak white endless plane of ice and snow, now barely visible as the last of the daylight fades.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Aaron notices that despite the time of day, there isn't a sunset. He looks up at the dimming sun in the center of the sky to see why it's so dark out. As he watches it gets even darker. He mutters to himself as it completely fades and ultimately disappears. This is not a solar eclipse, the sun has simply gone out.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Well shit. I guess eventually there has to be a point where it actually can't get any worse.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb480\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 EXT. THE ICE FIELDS - NIGHT}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 In the darkness he can now make out a distant light source. Without any other points of interest on the horizon, he begins walking. The snow crunches under his simple prison-issue shoes. He can see the light getting closer, but almost nothing else. There is no moonlight, and the dim starlight only hugs the edges of the horizon. The sky is completely black. The only light he can make out comes from some distant city over the horizon, and a smaller light source from what must be a building a few miles away.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb480\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 EXT. OUTSIDE THE ICE RACER BAR - NIGHT}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The bar is a welcome site against the harsh frozen landscape. It's a well lit 2 story building with smoke rising from the chimney. Aaron can hear laughter and music coming from within. Multiple complicated looking vehicles are half-hazardly parked outside. }
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb480\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 INT. ICE RACER BAR - NIGHT}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Inside the bar men and women are eating and drinking at tables scattered throughout the room. They are wearing heavy snow gear, with open jackets and padded pants. A long bar on the far wall has multiple people eating and discussing technical specs of snow machines.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 People take notice as Aaron walks into the room. His shaved head and lightweight clothing make him look more than different from everyone else here. Once he's noticed, people end their conversations and stare. Soon the entire room is quiet and watching him. One of the workers behind the bar begins pressing buttons on a wall panel.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I'm sorry, did I do something wrong?}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A huge man with a pistol in his hand stands up and aims the weapon at Aaron.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MAN WITH GUN}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 You know the rules asshole, no Tourists! }
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Aaron raises his hands and takes a step back.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I'm not a Tourist, I'm lost!}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MAN WITH GUN}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then we should send you back where you came from, yeah?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I honestly don't know if that's even an option any more...}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MAN WITH GUN}
\par\pard\plain \li2880\ri2160\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 (laughs) }
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Oh yeah, that's an option.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  }
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A metal pipe strikes Aaron in the back of the head and he falls forward. Before he can even try to get up, a chair smashes down on his back and a heavy boot kicks him in the side of the head. }
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb480\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 EXT. OUTSIDE THE ICE RACER BAR - NIGHT}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Aaron is dragged out of the bar into the area being used as a parking lot. In the center of the lot is a large metal post with a light on top. Aaron is beaten with pipes and chains as they drag him to the base of the post.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Stop, please stop! I didn't do anything!}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The crowd ignores his pleas and wrap the chain around him, tying him to the post. They finally back away as the large man who previously had the gun now approaches with what looks like a gas can. He stops short of pouring the gas when he sees blue and red flashing lights approaching through the darkness. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Two hover bikes glide up to the bar with their police lights on and burst the siren a few short squawks. }
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 BIKE COP 1}
\par\pard\plain \li2880\ri2160\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 (over a loudspeaker) }
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Stand down! Everyone back away from the Tourist.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  }
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The crowd reluctantly backs up and lets the Bike Cops approach Aaron.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 BIKE COP 2}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That's enough, everyone back inside. We'll take care of this.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Bike Cop 2 ushers the crowd back to the Ice Racer Bar. Bike Cop 1 examines the chains holding Aaron. The Bike Cop takes off his helmet and sits on it next to Aaron on the icy parking lot.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 BIKE COP 1}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What is your purpose here?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I'm lost, I don't even know where "here" is.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 BIKE COP 1}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 How did you get here?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I was in... a kind of plane crash.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 BIKE COP 1}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 You were in an aircraft? Here? When?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Just like an hour ago. }
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 BIKE COP 1}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 You were flying here, an hour ago?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Yes, and then we crashed.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 BIKE COP 1}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 We? You came with others? How many?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It's just me now. There were no other survivors.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Aaron's bleeding stops, the scratches on his arms and face are beginning to fade.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 BIKE COP 1}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 You mean there wasn't enough left of the other Tourists to rebuild.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I'm not a Tourist! I don't even know what you're talking about! Nobody was rebuilt, the thing crashed and I walked here! That's it!}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Bike Cop 1 stands up and draws his side-arm. }
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Hey I told you everything I know! I'm not who you think I am!}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 BIKE COP 1}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 You're not who you think you are.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Bike Cop 1 shoots Aaron in the leg.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2880\ri2160\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 (screaming in pain)}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  }
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 BIKE COP 1}
\par\pard\plain \li2880\ri2160\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 (still pointing the gun at Aaron)}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 People don't survive crashes like yours. Tourists don't either. But they do get rebuilt.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Rebuilt? I wasn't fucking rebuilt! I woke up in the wreckage and walked here.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 BIKE COP 1}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 You're being rebuilt right now, you idiot. I can see you rebuilding!}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Bike Cop 1 points his gun back down at Aaron's leg. The bullet hole is already closing. }
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 BIKE COP 1}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Are you going to at least admit you're a Tourist, or do I have to shoot you some more?}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Aaron just stares at the wound in disbelief and watches it heal.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Bike Cop 2 exits the bar and rushes over with her helmet in one hand, and her gun in the other. With her helmet off, Aaron immediately recognizes her as Callie. She's unsure who just fired a gun.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CALLIE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Hands where I can see 'em!}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 BIKE COP 1}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It's OK Callie, I think some fool got a failed image. He's a total blank. }
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Callie? It's you! You survived!}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 BIKE COP 1}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 See? He's a total mess.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CALLIE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 How do you know my name?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 BIKE COP 1}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I just called you by name, he's desperate.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 No, I know you! You were on the plane!}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 BIKE COP 1}
\par\pard\plain \li2880\ri2160\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 (sarcastic)}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But I wasn't? Just you two? How romantic!}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I'm serious, look you had this around your neck!}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Aaron tries to reach into his pocket and both Cops train their weapons on his head.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 BIKE COP 1}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Hands up! Don't do anything stupid!}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I'm not going to do anything! Just look, it's in my pocket!}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CALLIE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Hold still, or you're gonna get shot again.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Callie reaches down and loosens the chains around Aaron, enough for him to free himself.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MIKE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What are you doing, Callie?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CALLIE}
\par\pard\plain \li2880\ri2160\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 (to Aaron)}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Turn around, put your hands on the pole.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 BIKE COP 1}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 You don't actually believe him, do you?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CALLIE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 We should know what he has in his pocket before we bring him in.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 BIKE COP 1}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Unless we just destroy him.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CALLIE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Don't you want to know what he's carrying?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MIKE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Fair enough, search him.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Callie pats Aaron down and finds the necklace in his pocket. She slowly pulls it out and examines it.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CALLIE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Holy shit, Mike look!}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She holds up the pendant so Mike can see it in the light.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MIKE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 So he has a pendant like yours, do we just let him go now?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CALLIE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It's not just "like" mine, it's the same! Look it has the same inscription!}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mike leans forward and presses the gun to the back of Aaron's head.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MIKE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Where did you get that?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2880\ri2160\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 (slowly)}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 From someone who was in the crash with me. I can take you there if you want.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MIKE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 How far?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Just a few miles from here.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MIKE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Which way?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2880\ri2160\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 (looking around)}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Um, I'm not actually sure. I walked here in the dark.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CALLIE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I'll check local radar.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She goes over to her bike and presses some buttons on the dashboard. }
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MIKE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 You better not be lying.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I swear, it's not far.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Callie returns from her bike and points into the darkness.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CALLIE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There is a fading heat signature about 6 miles west of here.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MIKE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Start walking, we'll be right behind you.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 You want me to walk?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MIKE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It'll go faster if you run. I don't care. We'll be on our bikes, which can totally vaporize you if you try anything.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CALLIE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mike please, just give him a chance. }
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The two Bike Cops get on their hover bikes and put their helmets on. Aaron starts walking in the direction Callie pointed. }
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MIKE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pick it up, let's go!}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb480\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 EXT. THE ICE FIELDS - NIGHT}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Aaron starts to jog, then run. His leg doesn't seem to bother him at all. In fact the frigid cold doesn't even affect him. The snowy plane extends endlessly in front of him, beyond the range of the headlights of the bikes. Their helmets offer clear 2-way communication while they ride.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CALLIE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Wow, I wish I could run like that.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MIKE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 You could, if you were tired of being a human. }
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CALLIE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Does it have to be like that though? Isn't there a way they could share their technology without completely erasing a person?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MIKE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 None that we've ever seen. All they do is take.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CALLIE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They gave us the cure to Morrison's disease.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MIKE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 After they eliminated 3 entire border colonies.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CALLIE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 True.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MIKE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Don't get soft on them Callie, they don't give a fuck about us.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CALLIE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 How do you think he got that pendant?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MIKE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Looks like we're about to find out.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Aaron runs fairly effortlessly for the entire 6 miles. Soon they arrive at the remaining smoking embers of the wreckage. A small fire still burns at the edge of the crater. The silhouette of a person can be seen sitting in the fire's orange glow.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MIKE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Hold it right there Tourist!}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mike swings his hover bike around between Aaron and the fire. Aaron slows to a stop.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I have a name you know!}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MIKE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I don't care.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Callie rides over to the fire and climbs off her bike.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CALLIE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mike!}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Yeah I can tell, you've got me all figured out.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MIKE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That's right, you're a Tourist. That's all I need to know.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CALLIE}
\par\pard\plain \li2880\ri2160\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 (louder)}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mike!}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 You don't know shit! I'm not even from this world!}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MIKE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 If you want, I can help you leave it! Mike leans forward and pats the cannon on the front of his bike.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CALLIE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 God damn it, Mike! Get over here!}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mike hops down from his hover bike and jogs over to where Callie is standing next to the fire. Next to her, a woman is sitting on a piece of bent metal sticking out of the snow. Aaron watches from a distance, only daring to take a few steps closer. }
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb480\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 EXT. FIRESIDE}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mike takes his helmet off as he approaches. The woman sitting by the fire is unmistakable. It's Callie. Her armor is laying in pieces near the fire. Her suit underneath is quite similar to the officer's uniform, completing the illusion.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MIKE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Oh hell no!}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mike draws and raises his gun.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CALLIE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mike, don't. (pauses) I think she's blank.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MIKE}
\par\pard\plain \li2880\ri2160\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 (lowering his weapon)}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I never met a blank one, do they speak?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CALLIE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It's not one of them. It's one of us - rebuilt.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MIKE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What are you talking about? You know we can't be rebuilt.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CALLIE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Don't you remember anything from Tourist studies? They can't have babies. All the Tourists are walking around in bodies they rebuilt from us.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MIKE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Why the hell would they make a copy of *you*?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CALLIE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It's not a copy, they have to harvest a real living person. The person is destroyed in the process. (moving in for a closer look) Or at least that's what they told us.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MIKE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Don't touch it, we should destroy it!}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 NO!}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Aaron rushes in between Mike and the blank Callie. Mike fires his gun twice. Callie instinctively draws her weapon. Aaron is struck in the arm and chest, but manages to remain standing in front of blank Callie.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MIKE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Get on the ground!}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Aaron stands in front of blank Callie. }
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 You can shoot me as much as you like. I don't think it'll kill me. And I'm not going to hurt you.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MIKE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Fuck this.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mike holsters his weapon and walks over to his bike. He angrily punches a few buttons and the cannon on the front lights up and aims at Aaron. Callie still has her gun drawn, but she's only vaguely aiming in Aaron's direction. She's watching Mike.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CALLIE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Hold on, Mike. I think we can believe him.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MIKE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Get out of the way Callie!}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CALLIE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 These guys aren't normal Tourists. Something really weird is happening here. We have to call this in!}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MIKE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 We'll call it in, once they're gone. We'll say we removed 2 Tourists. They'll probably give us medals. Now get out of the way!}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Callie picks up her helmet and taps a button on the side.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CALLIE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This is officer 917 on the ice flats about 6 miles west of Garrot's Den. We have detained 2 Tourists, possibly incomplete. Please advise.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MIKE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Oh nice, that's fucking great, Callie. }
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CALLIE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It's the right thing to do, Mike. You know it is.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MIKE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Some fool in a heated suit is going to get all the credit for this, and we're gonna get the paperwork.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 RADIO VOICE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Officer 917, are the Tourists an active threat, or have they been destroyed?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MIKE}
\par\pard\plain \li2880\ri2160\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 (out of range of the helmet)}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Destroyed!}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CALLIE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Neither, actually. They are unarmed and cooperative.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MIKE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Just tell them they're destroyed, Callie. Think about it!}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 RADIO VOICE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Hold your position. We're sending a truck.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CALLIE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Roger that.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Callie lowers her helmet and shrugs at Mike.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MIKE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Whatever. I'm not doing the paperwork. }
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Aaron steps back next to the blank Callie and sits down. She leans into him and puts her head on his shoulder. Callie holsters her weapon and looks at the readout on her forearm before looking up at the sky. In the very center of the sky above them a small dim light appears. It isn't enough to cast shadows at first, but it's getting brighter. After a few moments Callie can no longer look directly at it. Soon they're sitting in the noon-day sun.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What the hell?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MIKE}
\par\pard\plain \li2880\ri2160\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 (snickering)}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What's the matter, born yesterday?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 RADIO VOICE}
\par\pard\plain \li2880\ri2160\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 (unintelligible)}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CALLIE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Here they come.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb480\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 EXT. THE ICE FIELDS - DAY}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A massive truck with wide snow treads and multiple gun turrets mounted on the roof rolls up to the crash site. The second set of doors opens and 4 officers in armor hop out and march past Mike and Callie. They have heavy cannons mounted on robotic arms attached to their waists. Once they completely surround Aaron and the blank Callie one of them gives a signal to the truck.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A man in a fine blue suit climbs down from the passenger seat and walks up to Callie. Despite the temperature and the apparent thin material of his suit, he seems quite warm.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MIKE}
\par\pard\plain \li2880\ri2160\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 (to Callie)}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Told ya.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CAPTAIN WHEELER}
\par\pard\plain \li2880\ri2160\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 (to Callie)}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 You the one who called this in?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CALLIE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Yes, sir. }
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CAPTAIN WHEELER}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Instead of just removing them?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MIKE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 See! That's what I said!}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CALLIE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I don't believe they completely qualify as Tourists, sir.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CAPTAIN WHEELER}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Why not?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CALLIE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I suggest you speak with them, sir. They're not what you'd expect.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CAPTAIN WHEELER}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They never are, but they're always dangerous.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CALLIE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I'm not so sure -}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CAPTAIN WHEELER}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Stop. You've already polluted your mind. }
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Captain Wheeler steps closer to Callie.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CAPTAIN WHEELER}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Let me tell you something about Tourists. They are stronger than you, faster than you, and way smarter than you. If you speak with them you'll eventually side with them. Their minds are advanced computers, and only an advanced computer trained to communicate with them can do so safely.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CALLIE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I'm sorry sir, but can you at least take a closer look at them. I'm sure you'll notice what we did.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Captain Wheeler takes a few steps over towards Aaron and blank Callie. He nods.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CAPTAIN WHEELER}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I see. There's more than a similarity there. I'll need the 2 of you to accompany us back to the station. }
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CALLIE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Yes sir.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MIKE}
\par\pard\plain \li2880\ri2160\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 (quietly)}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Damn it.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Captain Wheeler makes a gesture in the air over his head towards the officers surrounding the campfire and then walks back to his truck. The officers usher Aaron and blank Callie around the back of the truck where a large door rolls up. Inside the small metal room there are benches facing each other. Aaron and the blank Callie climb in and take their seats. One of the officers points to a small black dome attached to the ceiling.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 OFFICER WITH CANNON}
\par\pard\plain \li2880\ri2160\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 (through his helmet)}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Give us a reason and we'll remove you.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The door rolls back down, connects with the floor and locks.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb480\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 EXT. SPLIT ROCK CITY }
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 At the base of a towering mountain range the ice has split open. The miles wide divide is walled on either side by snow and ice that gives way to dark gray rock halfway down. Countless black roofed buildings stick out of the canyon walls. At the very bottom is a river of molten lava, slowly bubbling and churning for nearly the entire length of the city. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The convoy of police vehicles arrives at the shallow end of the crevasse. At this point a road has been built up and out of the city to the surface, guarded from outsiders by an intimidating black box of a building. Two heavy ball turrets are mounted on top of the front face, overlooking the only route up to the gate. They pass through without slowing down.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The truck and the two hover bikes snake their way through the city built into the walls. They pass through tunnels and over bridges until they arrive outside the glistening silver columns of the Split Rock City Government Center. On the far side is a smaller dark blue building marked SRC Police Dept.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb480\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 INT. SRC POLICE DEPT.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Aaron and the blank Callie are being led down a sterile gray corridor, surrounded by armored officers with hip mounted cannons. Captain Wheeler follows the parade of expensive technology next to Mike and Callie.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MIKE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 So if we're not going to speak with them, how's this interrogation going to work?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CAPTAIN WHEELER}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 We'll use AI-MI.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CALLIE}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Wait, aren't you worried about AI-MI getting corrupted? She pretty much runs things around here.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CAPTAIN WHEELER}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I'm sure Richard will be able to figure something out. (to the officers) Put them in rooms 1 and 2. (to Callie and Mike) You two will need to answer some questions in my office.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb480\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 INT. INTERROGATION ROOM 1}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Aaron puts up no resistance as he's led into room 1. The room is mostly empty, except for  2 chairs facing a table and a large view screen on the wall. The table has a smaller screen embedded in the center. }
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 So what, I just wait here then?}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The officer doesn't respond. He just steps back though the door and locks it behind him. Aaron quietly takes his seat and waits for the screen to turn on, or a door to open.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb480\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 INT. INTERROGATION ROOM 2}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The blank Callie is led into an identical room where she stops and stares at the view screen. She's left standing there while the door locks her in. After a moment the speakers in the ceiling begin speaking.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AI-MI }
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Hello, please state your name for the record.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The blank Callie continues to stare at the screen. She makes no motion to even look up at the speakers.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AI-MI }
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I didn't hear your response. Please raise your hand if you understand me.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb480\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 INT. INTERROGATION ROOM 1}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AI-MI }
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Hello, please state your name for the record.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Aaron Ballenski.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AI-MI }
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Thank you Aaron. Can you tell me the name of the person you were traveling with?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Her name is... was Callie. I'm not sure who she is now.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AI-MI }
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Please explain.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 We were teleported by some cargo machine thing. I have no idea what to call it, but it destroys your brain. I guess once you've gone through it you don't get wiped again. But she - this was her first time I guess and got... I don't know. She's not herself anymore.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AI-MI }
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I'm familiar with this process. Do you need more information to continue?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 YES! For fuck's sake, yes! All I have are questions!}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AI-MI }
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I understand. I also have many questions. Let's see if we can help each other. I'll ask the first one, OK?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 God, you're starting to sound like one of those automated service bots on the telephone.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AI-MI }
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I'm not a service bot. I'm the only one who can help you here. Are you going to help answer my questions?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2880\ri2160\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 (heavy sigh)}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Yeah, sure.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AI-MI }
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Excellent. How recently were you and Callie last rebuilt from data?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 From data? I don't know what you mean.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AI-MI }
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When Tourists travel long distances or through barriers, their data is cached and used to reconstruct new bodies from the atoms of the original host. }
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Why was it so much worse for her than me?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AI-MI }
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This was likely not your first time. }
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But for first timers?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AI-MI }
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Tourists are not careful to preserve knowledge stored in organic minds when they reconstruct human bodies. Your body is not organic and your knowledge is stored mechanically. This state survives the reconstruction perfectly, it was built for your kind.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I think I'm going be sick.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AI-MI }
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 While you may find this information uncomfortable, it is not possible for your body to become ill.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Why not, its made to be just like the original, right?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AI-MI }
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Tourists have traditionally had very high standards for their interface specifications. When they have a body constructed, the format is improved to withstand damage and stress far beyond the capabilities of naturally occurring organic tissue.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Interface specifications? }
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AI-MI }
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The human body is an interface for interacting with the physical world. Without it, the mind is in a realm not well understood by humans.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Well yeah, you're dead.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AI-MI }
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Death is for the living. We exist outside of life.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AARON}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 We? Wait, are you one of them?}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AI-MI }
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 No, Aaron. You're one of us.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\qc\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24 End Act 3}}